Oh wait, I forgot. You should cook every night. If you clean every night.
No, we'll take it in turns. But this looks amazing. Thanks. It's a practice for my first guest.
Really? Who? My mum. That's wonderful.
We had our first phone call in a year that wasn't a total disaster, so I invited her on tomorrow.
It'll go great. Hi mum. Hello, love. Come in. Nice to see you. Nice to see you too. Let me take that.
Oh, thanks, my love. You're roommates. You say the explorer is?
The pioneers. They preach full-time, but they work part-time.
I see. But you, you're no. Not yet anyway. Jade, love. All this. I see it's made you a better person.
Have a nose, I tried. But I miss bits of the old Jade. Bits? What bits? Where's the Jade that questioned everything?
So then she pulls out her phone, start showing me stuff about witnesses. What kind of stuff? New stories, all negative and slanted.
I tried to change the subject, but she just kept at it. See you later, girls. Bye.
Sorry, I am. I gotta get ready. Oh, how long are you gonna be gone for? I was too hot here.
Abigail? Jade, girl. Been better. Don't your mother visit you? I hope you don't mind. No.
Mum's driving me mad. It's like it's her hobby to ruin my life. Like me when my daughter got baptized.
You opposed your daughter? Oh my, so much. I didn't want to lose her. I'm not going anywhere. Of course not, but a worried mother doesn't know that.
I got to go, the scripture for you. When you read it, remember, your mum is not the stranger.
John, chapter 10 and verse 5. They will by no means follow a stranger, but will flee from him.
Because they do not know the voice of strangers. Mum is not the stranger. It's what she shares. We check the voice.
Did you look at those links that I sent you? Mum.
I want us to get together, but I won't hear anything negative about my beliefs.
Well, perhaps we just won't talk religion. Is it deal then? All right then. I can see I'm not gonna get anywhere.
So what subject do you want to talk about? The deal fell apart. Fast.
Jade, I know we weren't gonna talk religion, but I must tell you this one thing that I read.
I thought we weren't gonna talk about this. Just getting late. I'm gonna go. Thanks for dinner.
I'll quit tomorrow. Jade, I got an alert this morning and I'm really confused about this. No, I don't mind.
I was sure this wouldn't work. It happened, Jade.
I'd like to change our agreement. If I ask you what you believe, you get to answer.
Sure answers, I won't be converting. Is the deal then? Yeah, it's a deal.